Dzogchen is restricted at a time, and many times even said Dzogchen teachings should be not more
than five people, five disciples, seven disciples, and all the time is a single lineage teaching.
From Garabdoji to Hirisenha, Hirisenha to Medji, sorry, Garabdoji to Medji, Hirisenha, to Hirisenha
, and Hirisenha, according to the teaching, then there are group teaching but spread out a little
bit, but how many groups?
Those are the students of Hirisenha, students of Garabdoji, Masambhava, and Nomalamitra, and Yanas
utra, so these three are kind of, say, this teaching start, spreading out, so those are the way it
started, and then many times, seven or the single way, those are the teachings.
But now, modern time, or not just now, but many great masters have started giving the teachings, D
zogchen teachings, with the big audience, big groups.
I think time is ready, and what did Masambhava's teaching say? When the degeneration comes, that
time, teaching of the Dzogchen should be stronger.
So I think it's that, because before the Dzogchen teaching, also maybe Prabhupada did not
immediately understand what Kannur really did to receive that teaching.
But now, modern times, many people are excited with Dzogchen teaching and Mahamudra teaching, so
when they're excited and more that Kannur, they are willing that, that means that teaching is, I
think, a whole thing.
So that's what I think is already happening, I think so.